Update README.md (#43)
reproducibleMATLAB/matlab-project-template: README.md

  - [ ] `<PROJECT-DOI>`
  - [ ] `<GITHUB-ORGANISATION>`
  - [ ] `<GITHUB-ORGANISATION>`

> - Change links or mention of username or  `PROJECT-NAME` in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change links or mention of username or `PROJECT-NAME` in this file.
```

## Installation

First, clone this repository:

```
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/<username>/<PROJECT-NAME>.git
cd <PROJECT-NAME>
```

> Alternatively, download the code as a .zip folder by going clicking the blue "Code" button on GitHub.

Reviewer: Not sure about anyone else but my "Code" button is green

> Alternatively, download the code as a .zip folder by going clicking the blue "Code" button on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, download the code as a .zip folder by clicking the "Code" button on GitHub, then clicking "Download ZIP".
```
